{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh11520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 11, 2020: 1st available on Google Play; functionally tested by 1 self run work-out.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 12, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Refactored viewModels.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 b. Fixed: PersistActivity no longer renders partial data when there are no splits.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 12, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Fixed: RunActivity PAUSE / RESUME.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 12, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Fixed: RunActivity CLEAR.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 14, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. About Dialog with factory reset.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 b. Refactored SplitDetailDialogFragment viewModel / databinding.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 16, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Fixed: Steps for sprint are sometimes registered as jog.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 b. Fixed: Jog before Sprint order for menu.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 c. Fixed: Sprint's 'meet-goal' unit in milli-seconds, not seconds.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 18, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Added: ResultActivity Toast if exception is thrown.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 b. Fixed: Ooops! version 6 was missing GoogleMap key; hence unable to render.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
April 18, 2020: available on Google Play.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 a. Added: removed name & goal reset in Main.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 b. Added: wake-lock during a run.\cb1 \
   9.  April 22, 2020: Google Foreground Location service\
        a. Service allows location API to continue running while sleep.\
        b. StateMachine is singleton; need to remove activity reference and use receiver next !!!!\
  10. April 23, 2020: Wake lock so Run continues while in sleep mode.\
  11. April 24, 2020: Google Map Key.\
  12. April 24, 2020: Created new API key for Google Map\
  13. May 15, 2020: Dagger for repositories\
  14. May 17, 2020: Refactor SharedPreference and RunState (use inline reified types)\
  15. May 18, 2020: Fixed RunActivity receiver, not disabled during sleep; use lambda to refresh after location change.\
  16. May 18, 2020: Fixed RunActivity receiver and Service to continue during sleep.}